README.md, before:

# dishAdvisor

## Overview
`dishAdvisor` is a PROTOTYPE for a web application that provides restaurant dish recommendations based on user reviews. It leverages the Google Maps API for location-based search and a backend service to process and analyze reviews.

### Backend
The backend is a Python-based service that handles API requests, processes reviews, and generates dish recommendations. Currently, for simplification, it uses the API from OpenAI to get recommendations, but we could use an open-source LLM like LLaMA 3.1.

### Frontend
The frontend is a simple HTML/CSS/JavaScript application that interacts with the backend service and Google Maps API.

- **HTML**: The main HTML file is [frontend/index.html](frontend/index.html).

- **JavaScript**: The main JavaScript file is [frontend/script.js](frontend/script.js).

## Setup and Installation
### Backend
1. **Install Dependencies**:
    ```sh
    pip install -r backend/requirements.txt
    ```

2. **Environment Variables**:
    - Copy [`.env.sample`](backend/.env.sample) to [`.env`](backend/.env) and fill in the required values.

3. **Run the Backend**:
    ```sh
    cd backend
    uvicorn src.main:app --reload
    ```

### Frontend
1. **Open `index.html`** in a web browser.

## Usage
1. **Search for a Restaurant**: Use the search bar to find a restaurant.
2. **View Recommendations**: The application will display dish recommendations based on the reviews.

### Note
The reviews obtained by Google Maps are currently limited to 5. However, we could use the library [`outscraper`](https://github.com/outscraper/outscraper-python/blob/master/examples/Google%20Maps%20Reviews.md) to scrape more reviews of a restaurant to provide more accurate recommendations.


## Contributing
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

👌 IMPROVE: Update frontend search UI and styles

README.md, after:

# DishAdvisor

## Overview
The core idea is to help users discover the best dishes based on reviews posted on google maps. This project is a **Prototype** that demonstrates how user feedback can guide diners to the most popular and highly-rated meals.

<img src="preview.gif" alt="Preview" width="50%">

### Backend
The backend is a Python-based service that handles API requests, processes reviews, and generates dish recommendations. Currently, for simplification, it uses the API from OpenAI to process the reviews, but we could use an open-source LLM like LLaMA 3.1.

### Frontend
The frontend is a simple HTML/CSS/JavaScript application that interacts with the backend service and Google Maps API.

- **HTML**: The main HTML file is [frontend/index.html](frontend/index.html).

- **JavaScript**: The main JavaScript file is [frontend/script.js](frontend/script.js).

## Setup and Installation
### Backend
1. **Install Dependencies**:
    ```sh
    pip install -r backend/requirements.txt
    ```

2. **Environment Variables**:
    - Copy [`.env.sample`](backend/.env.sample) to [`.env`](backend/.env) and fill in the required values.

3. **Run the Backend**:
    ```sh
    cd backend
    uvicorn src.main:app --reload
    ```

### Frontend
1. **Open `index.html`** in a web browser.

## Usage
1. **Search for a Restaurant**: Use the search bar to find a restaurant.
2. **View Recommendations**: The application will display dish recommendations based on the reviews.

### Note
The reviews obtained by Google Maps are **currently limited to 5**. However, we could use the library [`outscraper`](https://github.com/outscraper/outscraper-python/blob/master/examples/Google%20Maps%20Reviews.md) to scrape more reviews of a restaurant to provide more accurate recommendations.


## Contributing
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
